Intro
Start in AI: the origin story
The non-traditional journey to work in Explainable AI (XAI)
How background in Philosophy helps in XAI
Overview of Explainable AI (XAI)
Human-Centered Explainable AI (HCXAI)
Motivating Story
Turn to Algorithmic XAI
Turn to Human-Centered XAI
Beyond 1-1 Human-AI interaction: Towards a sociotechnical approach
Expanding Explainability: Rethinking XAI beyond Algorithmic Transparency
What is Social Transparency (ST)
Study Sales Scenario
Importance of Social Transparency to promote holistic Explainability
Scenario-based Design Study of 4Ws (who did, what, when, and why)
Crew Knowledge
Relaive importance of the 4Ws (who, what, when, why)
Challenges with Social Transparency
Implementing Social Transparency in a real-world system
How does Social Transaprency impact on XAI Research Community
Reception of ST by Research Community
Recent paper: The Who in XAI-- how AI background impacts XAI interpretations
Recent paper: Explainability Pitfalls-- how to handle UNintentional negative effects of XAI
The Current State of Human-centered XAI
What's Next for HCXAI?
Interests Outside Research + Outro